Add notes about N+1 and data loaders around entities (#2311)
apollographql/federation: docs/source/entities-advanced.mdx

Violating any of these rules causes composition to fail.

## The N+1 problem

Most subgraph implementations use entity resolvers to handle the `Query._entities` field more ergonomically. Each resolver receives a single key and returns a single object in response. However, this does not match the behavior of federated queries in practice. Let's revisit an earlier example:

```graphql {6}
query GetReviewsWithProducts {
  latestReviews { # Defined in Reviews
    score
    product {
      id
      price # ⚠️ NOT defined in Reviews!
    }
  }
}
```

As mentioned [in the query plan](../entities#the-query-plan), the router will make two queries:

1. Query the Reviews subgraph for `latestReviews`
2. Query the Products subgraph for the `price` of each `Product`

However, the reference resolver for `Product` will not take a list of keys, but rather a single key. The subgraph library will call that resolver one time _for each key_.

```js {4-6} title="resolvers.js"
// Products subgraph
const resolvers = {
  Product: {
    __resolveReference(productRepresentation) {
      return fetchProductByID(productRepresentation.id);
    }
  },
  // ...other resolvers...
}
```

> Imagine a naive implementation of `fetchProductByID` that makes a database call for each product ID. If we have `N` reviews, we'll make `N` database calls. These calls are _in addition_ to the 1 call made by the Reviews subgraph to fetch the initial list of reviews (and the `id` of each product). This is where the "N+1" problem gets its name. If not prevented, this problem will cause performance problems and can even enable "Denial of Service" attacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A basic implementation of the `fetchProductByID` function might make a database call each time it's called. If we need to resolve `Product.price` for `N` different products, this results in `N` database calls. These calls are made _in addition to_ the call made by the Reviews subgraph to fetch the initial list of reviews (and the `id` of each product). This is where the "N+1" problem gets its name. If not prevented, this problem can cause performance problems and can even enable denial-of-service attacks.
```

> This is not only a problem with entity resolvers, it's a common problem with any GraphQL resolver—and it has a common solution: [the dataloader pattern](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader). Nearly every GraphQL server library has a dataloader implementation, and you should use it in **every resolver**. Even resolvers which are not for entities and do not return lists can _still_ cause N+1 issues via [batched requests](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/enterprise-guide/graph-security/#batched-requests).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This problem is not limited to reference resolvers! In fact, it can occur with any resolver that fetches from a data store. To handle this problem, we strongly recommend using [the dataloader pattern](https://github.com/graphql/dataloader). Nearly every GraphQL server library provides a dataloader implementation, and you should use it in **every resolver**. This is true even for resolvers that _aren't_ for entities and that _don't_ return a list. These resolvers can _still_ cause N+1 issues via [batched requests](/enterprise-guide/graph-security/#batched-requests).
```
